README.md, before:

# fav-imgs
A small sample project of a web system in Golang that displays "my favorite pictures".
My main objective is to demonstrate a clean code and clean architecture approach.

#### Notice how easy it was to implement the last feature (modify image). The structure of the code is SOLID.

## how to install
Just download and build with Golang using `go build`, then run the executable. It will start a server on `http://localhost:8080`
- To add an image go to `http://localhost:8080/add`
- To list existing images goto `http://localhost:8080/list`

### Important note
This version is only for local deployment and testing because of some hard-coded values. I will update it to make it web-deployable in the future.

## Implemented
- List all images
- Add image
- Delete image

## Pending Implementation
- Modify image

## File Structure
You will find the main method on `main.go` and the main server handler functions on `/server`.

The core code is inside the `/gallery` folder.

## Architectural notes
- TDD, 100% coverage for the back-end
- Instead of using an existing Database technology, I created an AdHoc persistance using Json and a text file (a simple 
database), which is a lot easier to deploy (no need to set up SQL database), and works well with the current 
requirements. For this I use a map with automatically generated strings for IDs.
- We can further separate the front-end from the back-end by changing the back-end to instead return Json structures as 
an API, and then building the front-end separately (using React, for example, to get a more dynamic page). That will 
also make them independently deployable, which will in turn make it a lot easier to build an Android or iOS client App, 
for example. I did not do this because I did not want to go back and forth between two different stacks at the beginning 
of the development. I will consider doing this in a future iteration, after implementing all 4 basic behaviours.
- We follow the Stable Dependencies Principle and Stable Abstractions Principle for coupling
- I can add the option to add either an image URL or an image file in the future, but for now I wanted to focus on 
demonstrating the architecture.
- I did not add CSS because it is irrelevant for the purpose of this exercise.

### Important note
Some refactor is still needed, but the code is kept clean.

#### There are not a lot of comments because the code does not need a lot of comments.

Commit message:

feat: modify image front-end + front-end refactor

README.md, after:

# fav-imgs
A small sample project of a web system in Golang that displays "my favorite pictures".
My main objective is to demonstrate a clean code and clean architecture approach.

#### Notice how easy it was to implement the last feature (modify image). The structure of the code is SOLID.

## how to install
Just download and build with Golang using `go build`, then run the executable. It will start a server on `http://localhost:8080`
- To add an image go to `http://localhost:8080/add`
- To list existing images goto `http://localhost:8080/list`

### Important note
This version is only for local deployment and testing because of some hard-coded values. I will update it to make it web-deployable in the future.

## Implemented
- List all images
- Add image
- Delete image

## Pending Implementation
- Modify image

## File Structure
You will find the main method on `main.go` and the main server handler functions on `/server`.

The core code is inside the `/gallery` folder.

## Architectural notes
- TDD, 100% coverage for the back-end
- Instead of using an existing Database technology, I created an AdHoc persistance using Json and a text file (a simple 
database), which is a lot easier to deploy (no need to set up SQL database), and works well with the current 
requirements. For this I use a map with automatically generated strings for IDs.
- We can further separate the front-end from the back-end by changing the back-end to instead return Json structures as 
an API, and then building the front-end separately (using React, for example, to get a more dynamic page). That will 
also make them independently deployable, which will in turn make it a lot easier to build an Android or iOS client App, 
for example. I did not do this because I did not want to go back and forth between two different stacks at the beginning 
of the development. I will consider doing this in a future iteration, after implementing all 4 basic behaviours.
- We follow the Stable Dependencies Principle and Stable Abstractions Principle for coupling
- I can add the option to add either an image URL or an image file in the future, but for now I wanted to focus on 
demonstrating the architecture.
- The front-end is relatively messy because it is the least stable component.
- I did not add CSS because it is irrelevant for the purpose of this exercise.

### Important note
Some refactor is still needed, but the code is kept clean.

#### There are not a lot of comments because the code does not need a lot of comments.
